docs: describe devcontainers as deployment model (#12877)
coder/coder: docs/about/architecture.md

  [Microsoft Entra ID Sign-On](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/entra/identity/app-proxy/)
- For GCP:
  [Google Cloud Identity Platform](https://cloud.google.com/architecture/identity/single-sign-on)

### Devcontainers

Note: _Devcontainers_ are at early stage and considered experimental at the
moment.

This architecture enhances a Coder workspace with
[Devcontainers](https://containers.dev/) setup built using

> [envbuilder](https://github.com/coder/envbuilder) project. Workspace users have

Author: I will stick close to `Dev container` :) Thanks for pointing it out!

the flexibility to extend generic, base developer environments with custom,
project-oriented [features](https://containers.dev/features) without requiring
platform administrators to push altered Docker images.

Learn more about
[Devcontainers support](https://coder.com/docs/v2/latest/templates/devcontainers)
in Coder.

![Architecture Diagram](../images/architecture-devcontainers.png)

#### Components

The deployment model includes:

- _Workspace_ built using Coder template with _envbuilder_ enabled to set up the
  developer environment accordingly to the spec.
- _Container Registry_ for Docker images used by _envbuilder_, maintained by
  Coder platform engineers or developer productivity engineers.

Since this model is strictly focused on workspace nodes, it does not affect the
setup of regional infrastructure. It can be deployed alongside other deployment
models, in multiple regions, or across various cloud platforms.

##### Workload resources

**Workspace**

- Docker and Kubernetes based templates are supported.
- The `docker_container` resource uses `ghcr.io/coder/envbuilder` as base image.

The _envbuilder_ checks out the base Docker image from the container registry,

> and applies extra feature layers, and starts the container with target

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and applies extra feature layers, and starts the container with the target
```

Nit: I'm not sure what this is trying to convey. What's the "target environment"? As a reader I might also wonder what these extra feature layers are.

Perhaps target environment means environment as specified in `devcontainer.json`? If so, I think we could improve the wording.

Note: The dev container specification doesn't mention layers in any significant proportion. There's a tiny note down on this page, for instance: https://containers.dev/implementors/features/. Hence the concept may not be clear. Perhaps "layer" is more of an implementation detail, not something users need to care about/know? (Fine to keep in the graph/image though.)

Author: Good call, rephrased! I used the word layers as this is mostly what envbuilder does. It builds next layers = features on top of the base image.

environment.

##### Workload supporting resources

**Container Registry (optional)**

- Workspace nodes need access to the Container Registry to check out images. To

>   shorten the provisioning time, it is recommended to deploy regional replicas
>   of the registry.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  shorten the provisioning time, it is recommended to deploy registry
  mirrors in the same region as the workspace nodes.
```

s/mirrors/replicas/ dealers choice. To me regional sounded a bit vague, but if you feel the original is better that's fine too.

project-oriented [features](https://containers.dev/features) without requiring
platform administrators to push altered Docker images.

Learn more about
[Dev containers support](https://coder.com/docs/v2/latest/templates/devcontainers)
in Coder.

![Architecture Diagram](../images/architecture-devcontainers.png)

#### Components

The deployment model includes:

- _Workspace_ built using Coder template with _envbuilder_ enabled to set up the
  developer environment accordingly to the dev container spec.
- _Container Registry_ for Docker images used by _envbuilder_, maintained by
  Coder platform engineers or developer productivity engineers.

Since this model is strictly focused on workspace nodes, it does not affect the
setup of regional infrastructure. It can be deployed alongside other deployment
models, in multiple regions, or across various cloud platforms.

##### Workload resources

**Workspace**

- Docker and Kubernetes based templates are supported.
- The `docker_container` resource uses `ghcr.io/coder/envbuilder` as the base
  image.

_Envbuilder_ checks out the base Docker image from the container registry and

> installs selected features as specified in the `devcontainer.json` on top.

Reviewer: Btw, this update is beautiful, super clear. ❤️
